docs: Add notice regarding fault proofs coming to mainnet on Base (#1138)
base-org/web: apps/base-docs/docs/notices/preparing-for-fault-proofs-on-base.md

---
title: Preparing for fault proofs on Base
slug: /preparing-for-fault-proofs-on-base

> description: Fault proofs are expected to go live on Base Mainnet in late October / early November.

Reviewer: let's update all instances now to just `late October`

Author: c3ebf304

    Permissionless output proposals,
    Permissionless challenges,
    Withdrawals,

>     Base Sepolia testnet,

Reviewer: should we add Mainnet or is that covered with `Base` above?

Author: c3ebf304

## Preparing for fault proofs

Fault proofs are expected to go live for Base Mainnet in late October / early November.

**What’s changing for withdrawals:**

- Withdrawals will involve proving and finalizing based on the fault proof system.
- In addition, the 'DisputeGameFactory' will replace the 'L2OutputOracle' as the new contract for proposing output root statements. This change is part of the broader shift towards the fault proofing system, which is expected to enhance the security and reliability of the platform.

**If you are in the process of withdrawing your funds from L2 to L1:**

> - **Withdrawals _during_ or _after_ the fault proofs upgrade** for Base Mainnet will take at least seven days to complete.

Reviewer: ```suggestion

- **Withdrawals _before_ the upgrade must wait the 7-day challenge period before finalization.
-  **Withdrawals _during_ or _after_ the fault proofs upgrade** for Base Mainnet will be proven by the Fault Proof system and generally take 7 days to finalize, but could see additional delays if challenged.
```

Author: c3ebf304

If your withdrawal of funds from Base to Ethereum coincides with the upgrade proceeding in late October / early November, you will be required to resubmit your withdrawal.

**If your team is operating a bridge on Base Mainnet:**

- Please provide your users with a notice on your UI to inform them that fault proofs will be enabled for Base Mainnet in late October / early November.

> - Please ensure it’s clear to your users that withdrawals will now take at least seven days.

Reviewer: can remove this line given it was the case before
```suggestion

```
